kgs docs fixes and improvements (#88)
giantswarm/kubectl-gs: docs/installation.md

> Lastly, let's check that the plugin is working as it's supposed to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, let's check that the plug-in is working as it's supposed to.
```

```nohighlight
kgs
```

You should see information regarding the commands available.

To upgrade to the latest version of the plug-in, use this command:

```nohighlight
krew upgrade gs
```

## Without Krew

The platform-agnostic description:

1. Download the [latest release](https://github.com/giantswarm/kubectl-gs/releases/latest) archive for your platform
2. Unpack the archive
3. Copy the executable to a location included in your `$PATH`
4. Create an alias `kgs` for `kubectl gs`

> 5. Check it's working by executing `kgs`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Check if it's working by executing `kgs`
```
